# UAV-123

# Sequences

1. **boat4**: Illum. var (Intensity), aspect ratio change 

            could have been harder if sequence was continued for longer with similar illum. conditions.
            **overall easy**

2. **boat9**: Scale var, aspect ratio change
3. **car1_s**: Illum. var(uneven + intensity), scale variation 

                    **simulated sequence**

 4.  **car16**: scale var, aspect ratio change, fast motion 

                 appearence in initial bb very different from later sequence.

 5.  **person1_s**: illum. var (intensity)  
                         good case for extreme illum. var, target can hardly be seen even by a human
                         **simulated suquence**

 6.  **UAV1**: Clutter, fast motion, full occ, low resolution, OV

                   apearence in some frames becomes very different from initial bounding box due to SV, 
                   OPR. good case of frequent full occ / OV

# Evalutaion metrics:

1. OPE (precision plot + AUC of success rate)
2. SRE (spatially shifted by 4 center shifts, 4 corner shifts) 

 **For simulated scenes**

1. Impact of dynamic frmae rate(frames are fed at the rate of consumption)
2. Trajectory error b/w UAV and target.
3. Accumulative distance b/w ground truth and tracker.

# Overview:

- UAV tracking is beneficial when targets(e.g. cars, boats, animals) can’t be persistentlty tracked from ground.
- UAVs are being used in surveillance, wild-life, crowd monitoring, navigation, videography of sports etc.
- The camera can follow the target based on current visual and accordingly change the orientation of the UAV. Authors implemented this in the simulated sequences.
- The suitable trackers should give accurate position of target and also operate in real time.
- As altitude increases between UAV and target, precision of trackers improve.

# Dataset analysis:

- Significant attributes are scale variation, aspect ratio change and OPR.
- The trackers capable of adopting to scale variations did well but couldn’t perform in sequences with aspect ratio change.
- No sequence with complex target shapes, transparent objects, shape variation etc.
- No sequence with crowd, wildlife, sports videography where UAVs are mostly used.
- The background conditions in the sequences are very stable (e.g. no night scenes, rain, fog, smoke etc.)
- Sequences with persons as target are very easy (no clutter, crowd, significant scale variations etc.)
- Some sequences are very similar (e.g. all wakeboarding scenes are basically the same, same in case of car scenes)
- Simlulated sequences show a great potential of creating artificial sequences with the required combination of attributes.