# OTB-100

# Sequences from OTB-100

1. **CarDark** : Illum. Var (Multiple colors) + rain + LR + night scene
                  hard due to LR and illum var

                      could have been better if there was more rain (so more reflections, blur effect)

 2.   **Dancer**: Articulated  

                    could be even more challenging if some background dancers were also there (clutter)
                    **overall easy**     

 3.  **David**: Illum. var (Intensity + uneven) 

                  but ground truth bounding boxes are not given for the harder part of the sequence

 4.  **Diving**: Shape variation, Fast motion, IPR

 5.  **Trans**: Shape variation, night scene, can be taken as an idea  

 6.  **Skating1**: Illum. var (multi color + intensity)  **but overall easy without occ, clutter**

                       suggests cases for illum. var (multicolor): events, marriages, concerts

# Evaluation metrics:

The classic OPE method has two major drawbacks: 

1. Tracking algo. may be sensitive to initialization (e.g. if in the initial frame, the ground truth bounding box is not proper in the dataset itself, then evalutaion on further sequence would be waste) 

2. Many algo. dont have re-initialisation methods. So, if some algo loses target in a frame, further analysis on subsequent frames would be waste.

To overcomes these, authors introduced following metrics: 

1. TRE: initialise the algo from different starting frames, then taking average 

2. SRE: initialize the algo with slightly shifted ground truth bounding boxes, then taking average 

3. SRER: initialize the algo with slightly shifted ground truth bounding boxes, and if trackers fails, reinitializing it from the next frame, then taking average.

# Dataset analysis:

- Attribute wise, least perfomance was on sequences with deformation (shape var) with high number of failures, followed by fast motion and occlusion.
- There is no sequence of transparent objects / specular objects.
- Only two sequences of rain and none for fog, smoke.
- No separate attributes for shape var/complex shapes and articulated.
- The length of sequences are very short so not suitable for long term tracking
- The evalutaion metrics are good but in the end, averaging out over all sequences doesn’t deal with the particular sequence where a tracker performed too bad.
- Sequences where there are some extreme appearance variations, the variations occur too gradually (cases of abrupt changes are very less)

add : Thus for further improvement in the heterogeneity of data set, Inclusion of special cases like biological cell tracking which involves in tracking moving cells while they change their shapes can be serve as an important addition
