# VOT

# Sequences (short term)

1. **book_0** : woman opeining / closing a book IPR, ARC, app var but app doesnt change much inside the book (only color change is there), a hard version in LaSOT
2. **helicopter_0**: helicopter takes off SV, app var (due to OPR + SV), app in final frames very different from initial but app changes gradually, if it was more abrupt, would have been harder.
3. **wiper_0**: tracking a car from inside of another car illum var, ranidrops on windshield + illum var causing app var. but position of car doesn’t change much so easier to track
4. **shaking_0**: guitarist in a concert good illumination var but overall easy as no other attribute / significant motion is there.

# Dataset analysis:

- Many videos where we are tracking small objects (bb is small).
- In videos with articulation (gymnasts etc), rotated bounding box makes it more difficult as due to slight rotation / movement, bb also changes accordingly.
- Many videos taken from OTB-100.
- No hard cases of transparent object, smoke etc.

# Sequences (Long term)

1. **car16** : SV, ARC, FM app in intiial frames quite different from later sequence. 

2. **skiing**: SV, OPR, occ. white trailing snow gives similar effect as smoke causing app var. 

3. **UAV1**: clutter, FM, FOC, OV app changes due to SV, OPR. good case of frequent FOC / OV 

# Dataset analysis:

- Maximum videos taken from UAV-123.
- In many videos, sequence is cut in between and resumed from a later frame (so trackers cant use previous location to estimate current location of target during these ‘cuts’)
- took all ‘person’ videos from UAV-123 which are very easy with no clutter, crowd, significant SV etc.
- No hard cases of illum. var, transparent object, rain / smoke etc.
- Overall dataset’s focus is SV (as most of the videos are from UAV-123). For appearance var, only cases are with SV + OPR.
